Update: Font Size Picker component documentation (#11404)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/font-size-picker/README.md

import { FontSizePicker } from '@wordpress/components';
import { withState } from '@wordpress/compose';

...
const MyFontSizePicker = withState( {
	fontSize: 16,
} )( ( { fontSize, setState } ) => {
	const fontSizes = [
		{ name: 'Small', size: 12 },
		{ name: 'Big', size: 26 },
	];
	const fallbackFontSize = 16;

	return (
		<FontSizePicker
			fontSizes={ fontSizes }
			value={ fontSize }
			fallbackFontSize={ fallbackFontSize }
			onChange={ ( newFontSize ) => {
				setState( { fontSize: newFontSize } );
			} }
		/>
	);
} );

...

<MyFontSizePicker />
```

## Props

The component accepts the following props:

### disableCustomFontSizes

> If true it will not be possible to choose a custom fontSize, the user will be forced to pick one of the sizes passed in fontSizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, it will not be possible to choose a custom fontSize. The user will be forced to pick one of the pre-defined sizes passed in fontSizes.
```

- Type: `Boolean`
- Required: no
- Default: `false`

### fallbackFontSize

> In no value exists this prop contains the font size picker slider starting position. Only relevant if withSlider is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no value exists, this prop defines the starting position for the font size picker slider. Only relevant if `withSlider` is `true`.
```

- Type: `Number`
- Required: No

### fontSizes

> An array of font size objects. The object should contain properties size and name.

Reviewer: Do you also need to provide a "slug"? I might be wrong but I think it's expected in terms of generating CSS classes (although maybe that doesn't get passed into this version of the component?)

I'd also like to see an example here… happy to add that, if you want. Something simple like

```
{
    size: 12,
    name: "My Font Size",
    slug: "font-slug" // if needed
}
```

Reviewer: (I know we show it above, but being more explicit will be good for users who are newer to JS.)

Author: You are totally right I missed the slug property and it is used to generate classes in the component. The situation was resolved. thank you for catching this.

Reviewer: @jorgefilipecosta No prob! I also thought that it was possible we only used `slug` inside the editor version of this component so I'm glad I checked :)

> The property "size" contains a number with the font size value. The "name" property includes a label for that fontSize e.g: "Small".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The property `size` contains a number with the font size value, in `px`. The `name` property includes a label for that fontSize e.g: `Small`.
```

- Type: `Array`
- Required: No

### onChange

A function that receives the new font size value.
If onChange is called without any parameter, it should reset the value, attending to what reset means in that context, e.g., set the font size to undefined or set the font size a starting value.

- Type: `function`
- Required: Yes

### value

The current font size value.

- Type: `Number`
- Required: No

### withSlider

> If true the UI will contain a slider. If false no slider will be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the UI will contain a slider, instead of a numeric text input field. If `false`, no slider will be present.
```
